HACKING.rst, before:

Release HOWTO
=============

1. Prepare for release by updating the changelog in NEWS.rst, bumping the
   version number in setup.py and doing a commit announcing the release to
   the GitHub repository.

2. Test on all Python versions::

   $ make test

3. Upload package metadata and source distribution to PyPI::

   $ python setup.py sdist register upload --sign

4. Upload binary egg to PyPI directly (do this on each desired architecture)::

   $ python setup.py bdist_egg upload --sign

   Alternatively, do it the manual way, which allows comments to be added::

   $ python setup.py bdist_egg
   $ gpg -sab dist/readline-x.y.z-pyX.Y-platform.egg

   Then use the web form on PyPI (under Package: files) to upload the egg,
   together with the corresponding .asc PGP signature file and a comment
   explaining the architecture and specific Python distribution for which
   it was built.

5. Tag the git revision that was released::

   $ git tag -s vx.y.z -m 'Released to PyPI as readline x.y.z'
   $ git push origin vx.y.z

Commit message:

Add instructions for using wheel and twine
Now upload wheels as well as eggs to PyPI so that pip will install
binaries on popular Mac platforms, thereby hopefully sidestepping
many build issues. Also use twine which is more secure and convenient.

HACKING.rst, after:

Release HOWTO
=============

1. Prepare for release by updating the changelog in NEWS.rst, bumping the
   version number in setup.py and doing a commit announcing the release to
   the GitHub repository. Also clear out old build products::

   $ make clean

2. Test on all Python versions::

   $ make test

3. Upload package metadata for new version to PyPI::

   $ python setup.py register

4. Build source distribution, wheel and egg::

   $ python setup.py sdist bdist_wheel bdist_egg

5. Securely upload source distribution to PyPI::

   $ twine upload dist/*.tar.gz --sign

6. Securely upload binary egg and wheel to PyPI (with comment explaining
   the version of Mac OS X and architectures for which it were built)::

   $ twine upload dist/*.egg dist/*.whl -c 'Mavericks System Python (32 + 64 bit)' --sign

   Alternatively, do it the manual way, by first signing the egg/wheel, e.g.::

   $ gpg -sab dist/*.whl

   Then use the web form on PyPI (under Package: files) to upload the egg/wheel,
   together with the corresponding .asc PGP signature file and a comment.

7. Repeat steps 4 and 6 for each desired architecture / OS version::

   $ python setup.py bdist_wheel bdist_egg
   $ twine upload dist/*.egg dist/*.whl -c 'Mavericks Other Python (64-bit only)' --sign

8. Tag the git revision that was released::

   $ git tag -s vx.y.z -m 'Released to PyPI as readline x.y.z'
   $ git push origin vx.y.z
