README.rst, before:

Some platforms, such as Mac OS X, do not ship with GNU readline installed. The
readline extension module in the standard library of Mac 'system' Python uses
NetBSD's editline (libedit) library instead, which is a readline replacement with 
a less restrictive software license.

As the alternatives to GNU readline do not have fully equivalent functionality,
it is useful to add proper readline support to these platforms. This module 
achieves this by bundling the standard Python readline module with the GNU readline 
source code, which is compiled and statically linked to it. The end result is an
egg which is simple to install, with no extra shared libraries required.

The 2.6.4 version of this module is intended for use on Mac OS 10.6 (Snow Leopard),
which ships with Python 2.6. It should also work on Tiger and Leopard with Python
2.5, and may even work on Linux. It is built against GNU readline 6.0 with the
latest patches.

This module is completely unnecessary on Linux and other Unix systems with default 
readline support. If you are using Windows, which also ships without GNU readline,
you might want to consider using the pyreadline module instead, which is a readline 
replacement written in pure Python that interacts with the Windows clipboard.

Commit message:

Updated module version and documentation.
The module version no longer follows the Python version of the
extension module, but instead reflects the version of the underlying
GNU readline library. This makes more sense now that a single module
supports Python 2 and 3. The major and minor numbers are taken from
readline, while the patch number distinguishes modules based on the
same readline version.

Updated documentation now uses reST for web links and is less
Mac-centric, given the module's increased use on Linux. Removed module
version numbers from README to make it more generic. Improved the list
of classifiers and supported platforms in setup.py.

README.rst, after:

Some platforms, such as Mac OS X, do not ship with `GNU readline`_ installed.
The readline extension module in the standard library of Mac "system" Python
uses NetBSD's `editline`_ (libedit) library instead, which is a readline
replacement with a less restrictive software license.

As the alternatives to GNU readline do not have fully equivalent functionality,
it is useful to add proper readline support to these platforms. This module
achieves this by bundling the standard Python readline module with the GNU
readline source code, which is compiled and statically linked to it. The end
result is a package which is simple to install and requires no extra shared
libraries.

The module can be used with both Python 2.x and 3.x, and has been tested with
Python versions 2.5, 2.6, 2.7 and 3.1. The major and minor numbers of the module
version reflect the version of the underlying GNU readline library, while the
third (patch) number distinguishes different module updates based on the same
readline library.

This module is usually unnecessary on Linux and other Unix systems with default
readline support. An exception is if you have a Python distribution that does
not include GNU readline due to licensing restrictions (such as ActiveState's
`ActivePython`_). If you are using Windows, which also ships without GNU 
readline, you might want to consider using the `pyreadline`_ module instead, 
which is a readline replacement written in pure Python that interacts with the
Windows clipboard. 

The latest development version is available from the `GitHub repository`_.

.. _GNU readline: http://tiswww.case.edu/php/chet/readline/rltop.html
.. _editline: http://www.thrysoee.dk/editline/
.. _ActivePython: http://www.activestate.com/activepython
.. _pyreadline: http://pypi.python.org/pypi/pyreadline
.. _GitHub repository: http://github.com/ludwigschwardt/python-readline
